docs: Windows add Antivirus section (#1468)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/TasksAndConcepts/TheWindowsVersionOfBareos.rst

   netstat -an | findstr 910[123]

Windows Antivirus
-----------------

.. index:: Antivirus; Windows
.. index:: Windows; Antivirus

> The Windows builtin anti-virus **Defender** is enabled by default. If you care about performance, it is advised to add the :command:`bareos-dir.exe`, :command:`bareos-sd.exe`, :command:`bareos-fd.exe` to the list of excluded monitored processes. Otherwise you may suffer by i/o throughput and excessive cpu consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows builtin antivirus **Defender** is enabled by default and will scan every single file being backed up during the backup process. This leads to an extremely slow throughput with a very high cpu load.

Therefore it is advised to add the :command:`bareos-fd.exe` to the list of excluded monitored processes on computers being backed up via the bareos filedaemon.
On systems running the director or storage daemon on windows, also add the processes
:command:`bareos-dir.exe`, :command:`bareos-sd.exe`
```

> .. image:: /include/images/windows-defender-exclusion.png

Reviewer: The picture is very blurry. Maybe that can be improved?

Author: I will retry another one. seems compression and resize of this one destroyed the quality

Reviewer: Looks much better now!

   :width: 80.0%

> The same remark can be done to any other similar on-access anti-virus scanner. Please also check next section about possible troubles with antivirus on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same remark can be done to any other similar on-access antivirus scanner. Please also check next section about possible troubles with antivirus on Windows.
```
